Welcome back.
In this section, we're gonna go over and
show you on how to finally rescue your
DragonBoard, and
reflash your operating system.
>> So from the previous section,
we just finished flashing
the rescue image onto our SD card.
So what you wanna do is
you wanna take that out.
First, you have to make sure that
it is unmounted and it should be.
And because the DragonBoard
only takes micro SD cards,
we're going to go ahead and
take that like little thing, right?
And before you go about
rescuing your board,
you want to make sure first
that it is plugged off.
>> So there's no plug here.
And then what you want to do next
is go ahead and turn it over.
Remember, the switch is back here.
You want to go ahead and
put it into SD boot mode.
So if you want to go ahead and do it,
should be the second one from down.
>> Oh, it's already to go.
>> All right.
Notice here that the SD
boot is already in.
So all we have to do now
is plug in the SD card.
All right.
Now, let's plug it in.
Before I do that,
I am going to go ahead and
include the USB cable into the OTG drive.
>> And plug this into my computer,
stay on this side.
>> Before you plug it in,
cuz I know sometimes it gives power.
So first, I'll power it on, and then.
All right.
Now, let's go ahead and
go to your computer.
>> So, right now, I'm currently
at the directory where my fast
boot is located, so
which can do a quick fast boot devices.
And as you can see here, the SD card and
what the configuration we did
boots the board into fast boot.
At this point, go ahead, if you haven't
done so already, reference module
four on flashing your operating system for
your given image using fast boot.
Note that because we have
the SD card in there,
we can only use fast boot at this point.
So, if you're on Android or Linux, you're
going to have to follow procedures for
flashing them on to the board.